                            Rocket Innovation Company Limited




                                   Eco grower data and engagement platform



                                                 January 1st, 2025




                                                                                     INITIALS
                                                      PAGE 1
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT      < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                          Innovation Company Limited >
                                                                                               <Insert ECM reference>
    This Agreement     Agreement        Contract    for the provision of Eco grower data and engagement platform is
    between

    Syngenta Crop Protection Limited and Syngenta Seeds (Thailand) Limited, a corporation organized under the laws
    of Thailand with registered office at 25th Floor, Tower A, CW Tower, 90 Ratchadapisek Road, Huai Khwang Sub-
    District Huai Khwang District, Bangkok, Thailand. ("Syngenta", which term shall include its successors and
    permitted assigns)

    And

    Rocket Innovation Company Limited, a corporation organized under the laws of Thailandwith offices at 5th Floor,
    Mobicom 3 Building, 101 Soi Phrapinit, Naradhiwas Road, Sathorn, Bangkok 10120, Thailand ("Supplier", which
    term shall include its successors and permitted assigns).

    1.      Definitions and Interpretation
            In this Agreement the following definitions apply:

                         means acceptance by Syngenta of the Service and/or Products in accordance with the
            Acceptance Procedure;

                          shall mean, with respect to a Party to this Agreement, another legal entity controlling, con-
            trolled by or under ultimate common control with such Party. Control shall mean, in this context, that the
            controlling entity has the power, directly or indirectly by means of voting power, contract or otherwise, to
            govern the operating and financial policies of the controlled entity;

                         shall mean this supply agreement including any and all exhibits and any and all the
            concluded under this supply agreement;

                                      shall mean the provision by Supplier of staff / employees / personnel resources


                       means the Fees and Expenses;

                                         shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 8 and Exhibit C;

                             shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 6.2;

                       means travel, accommodation and out of pocket expenses set out in more detail in the SOW
            and any other expenses agreed in advance and in written by the Supplier and Syngenta;

                    means the fees referred to in clause 4.1;

                                           shall mean all intellectual property rights, including patents, utility models,
            trade and service marks, trade or business names, domain names, rights in designs, copyrights, moral rights,



                                                                                                                   INITIALS
                                                               PAGE 2
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT               < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                                   Innovation Company Limited >
            topography rights, database rights, trade secrets and rights of confidence, know-how, in all cases whether
            or not registered or registrable in any country, for the full term of such rights including any extension to or
            renewal of the terms of such rights, rights to apply for the same and all rights and forms of protection of a
            similar nature or having equivalent or similar effect to any of these anywhere in the world;

                                   shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 14.1;

                    and              shall mean Syngenta or/and Supplier;

                         , with respect to an entity, the employees, agents, contractors, and representatives of such
            entity and its subcontractors, whether or not Affiliates of such entity;

                     s shall mean such Products as described in the relevant SOW, but in any case all materials and
            products resulting from or in relation to the Products and/or Services to be provided or developed under
            this Agreement, or otherwise provided by Supplier under this Agreement;

                 -existing M           shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 5.5;

                      shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 5.2;

                            shall mean any of the Services as described in the relevant SOW;

                    shall mean any statement of works between Supplier and Syngenta or a Syngenta Affiliate based
            on the template set out in Exhibit A or any other format and which includes the terms and conditions of
            this Agreement by reference;

                    shall mean Value Added Tax, Goods and Services Tax or any other similar Sales Tax.

                                    shall mean amounts which Syngenta is legally required to deduct from the payment
            and pay directly to the government.

    2.      Components of this Agreement
            The following documents form integral parts of this Agreement:

            This Agreement and its exhibits, including:

                    Exhibit A:         Statement(s) of Work and / or Local Agreement(s)
                    Exhibit B:         The Charge and Payment
                    Exhibit C:         KPI
                    Exhibit D:         Project Timeline
                    Exhibit E:
                    Exhibit F:         Non-Disclosure Agreement
                    Exhibit G:         Data Protection

            In the case of any discrepancies, the following order of precedence in descending order shall apply in the
            interpretation of this Agreement and any Statement of Work under it:

                    The relevant SOW
                    Exhibits to the relevant SOW


                                                                                                                   INITIALS
                                                                 PAGE 3
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT                 < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                                     Innovation Company Limited >
                    This Agreement
                    Exhibits to this Agreement

            Conditions which differ from, or are additional to, this Agreement - in particular the general terms and
            conditions of the Supplier or of Supplier Affiliate(s) or of any other contracting party - are applicable only
            to the extent that they have been explicitly agreed in writing by Syngenta.

    3.      Provision of Products and/or Services
    3.1.    Supplier shall provide the Products and/or Services as described in the relevant SOW and in line with the
            provisions of this Agreement and the Exhibits and as instructed in writing by Syngenta. Where so agreed in
            the respective SOW, the Acceptance Procedure as described in the respective SOW shall apply to the
            Services and/or Products.

    3.2.    This Agreement does not grant to Supplier any exclusivity with respect to the provision of any Products
            and/or Services and Supplier agrees and acknowledges that Syngenta may, in its sole discretion, appoint
            third parties to provide similar Products and/or Services.

    3.3.    The Parties shall closely cooperate in order to enable the Supplier to provide the Products and/or Services
            and each Party shall appoint a Project Manager in the SOW as relevant. Supplier shall periodically inform
            Syngenta on ways to improve the Products and/or Services. Syngenta shall have the right to periodically
            audit and or benchmark the Products and/or Services of the Supplier as agreed in this Agreement and/or a
            SOW.

    3.4.    Supplier shall not act on behalf of Syngenta or any of its Affiliates or in any way bind Syngenta or its
            Affiliates, nor do anything likely to cause Supplier to be taken by third parties as acting as an agent or on
            behalf of Syngenta or its Affiliates, except with the specific prior written authorization of Syngenta.

    3.5.    Supplier agrees not to assign such employees of the Supplier who are currently engaged in the provision of
            particular Products and/or Services to Syngenta or its Affiliates to work in the same field for any direct
            competitor of Syngenta at the same time as they are providing Products and/or Services for Syngenta or its
            Affiliates.

    4.      Remuneration
    4.1.    For the provision of all Services and/or Products in connection with the relevant SOW, Syngenta shall pay
            to the Supplier the Fees agreed in the relevant SOW.

    4.2.    In addition to the agreed Fees, Syngenta shall reimburse Supplier for the Expenses as the Parties have
            agreed in advance and which Supplier reasonably has to incur in order to properly provide the Products
            and/or Services. Such Expenses shall be incurred in line with the principles of Syngenta's travel policy as
            outlined in a respective SOW. Supplier shall always seek the prior written approval from Syngenta of such
            Expenses.

    4.3.    Supplier shall be responsible for all taxes, contributions, charges and other public dues levied upon Supplier
            in connection with the provision of the Products and/or Services under an SOW hereunder, including but
            not limited any of the following in relation to the workforce of the Supplier:




                                                                                                                  INITIALS
                                                               PAGE 4
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT               < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                                   Innovation Company Limited >
                    Statutory employment benefits and allowances etc.,
                    Payments for holidays and public holidays,
                    Payments for absences due to sickness, accident, pregnancy, motherhood, military services, etc.

            For the avoidance of doubt, Withholding Taxes related to invoices of the Supplier and paid by Syngenta and
            its Affiliates to the government                                              s Section 4.3.

    4.4.    The Charges (Fees and the Expenses) shall be invoiced by Supplier at such dates as the Parties have agreed
            in the relevant SOW. All amounts mentioned in this Agreement are exclusive of any VAT, which if applicable,
            will be added on top of the Charges stipulated in this Agreement and/or the relevant SOW.

    4.5.    Any invoice for Expenses shall be invoiced at cost (net of VAT if such VAT is recoverable by the Supplier),
            accompanied by such receipts (or copies of receipts, if originals are required to remain with the Supplier
            due to local in-country accounting requirements) and further details as Syngenta may reasonably request.

    4.6.    All undisputed invoices shall be payable by Syngenta within 45 (forty-five) days after receipt of the
            respective invoice.

    5.      Ownership of Results
    5.1.    Except as expressly stated in this Agreement nothing contained herein shall be construed as Syngenta
            granting Supplier, either expressly or implied, any right or license in Intellectual Property rights belonging
            to Syngenta or its respective Affiliate.

    5.2.    Subject to clause 5.5, unless otherwise explicitly agreed in a SOW, any and all studies, analyses, creative
            materials, reports, inventions, improvements, documents, and any other work product generated by
            Supplier in connection with the provision of the Services and/or Products under a particular SOW, and all
            Intellectual Property Rights therein (collectively, the "Results"), shall be the exclusive property of Syngenta.
            Upon request of Syngenta, Supplier shall transfer all such Results to Syngenta free of charge.

    5.3.    To the extent any mandatory legal rules under national or international legal order should provide that any
            Results made by Supplier belong to Supplier, its employees, agents, contractors or subcontractors, Supplier
            undertakes to assign or have assigned and transfer ownership to all such Results exclusively to Syngenta,
            at no cost to Syngenta, and to execute or have executed such documents and do or have done such other
            acts as are required therefore.

    5.4.    To the extent an assignment of the Results in accordance with clause 5.3 should not be feasible, Supplier
            grants Syngenta a royalty-free, perpetual, exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, irrevocable and world-
            wide license to use, copy, modify, distribute, display, broadcast and create derivative works of such Results.
            Such derivative works will be owned by Syngenta. To the extent necessary for the usage of such derivative
            works, Supplier hereby grants to Syngenta a royalty-free, perpetual, exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable,
            irrevocable and world-wide license to use, copy, modify, distribute, display or broadcast such derivative
            works.

    5.5.    For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties understand that all Intellectual Property Rights of Supplier existing
            as of the date of this Agreement as well as all amendments to these during the term of this Agreement (e.g.
            methodologies, concepts or know-how of Supplier), which do not constitute Results (collectively, the "Pre-
            existing Material"), shall be and remain the sole property of Supplier. To the extent the Pre-existing



                                                                                                                    INITIALS
                                                               PAGE 5
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT               < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                                   Innovation Company Limited >
            with the term of this Agreement, Supplier grants to Syngenta and Syngenta Affiliate(s) a royalty-free,
            perpetual, exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, irrevocable and world-wide license to use, copy, modify,
            distribute, display, broadcast and create derivative works of such Pre-existing Material, including the right
            to have third parties do any of the foregoing.

    6.      Warranty and Indemnity
    6.1.    The Supplier warrants and represents that the Products will meet good industry standards and/or the
            specifications agreed in a SOW and that the Services will be provided with all due care, skill, judgment and
            diligence and in a professional manner and in accordance with good industry standards and practices at the
                                                                                                                       y
            additional standards and practices or instructions by Syngenta as explicitly agreed in a SOW.

    6.2.    Syngenta evaluates the Products and/or Services in relation to each SOW and Supplier agrees to correct
            free of charge and in a reasonable timeline as defined by Syngenta, any defects in the Products and/or
            Services notified by Syngenta within 2 (two) years from the Delivery Date any defects of the Product and/or
            in the provision of the Services respectively and which either become apparent to Supplier or which are
            notified to the Supplier by Syngenta or its respective Affiliate. Delivery Date            be (i) the date of
            acceptance of the respective Product and/or Service, or (ii) if the acceptance procedure was not applicable,

            are required to provide/deliver a respective Product and/or Service, the last SOW shall be relevant to
            determine the respective date).

    6.3.    After the expiry of the warranty period, Supplier shall continue to be liable for hidden defects. Syngenta
            shall notify Supplier of any hidden defects promptly after they have been detected. The rights of Syngenta
            in respect of hidden defects shall become time-barred 5 (five) years after the Delivery Date.

    6.4.    If Supplier is unable to cure any defect in accordance with Section 6.2, Syngenta shall have at its sole
            discretion the option, by giving Supplier written notice (including e-mail, Fax etc.), notwithstanding any
            other rights or remedies that may be available to Syngenta under the SOW or otherwise, to apply one or
            more of the following remedies as appropriate:

                a) require the Supplier, at Supplier
                   to re-perform or re-deliver the Services and/or the Products giving rise to the breach in an
                   additional deadline;

                b)                           remedy any defect or perform any non-conforming Services itself or to
                     have them remedied or performed by a third party;

                c) to request adequate reduction of the remuneration or refund of part of the payments made in
                   consideration of the reduced value of the Services and/or Products due to their defectiveness or to
                   the undue performance of the relating Services and/or Products to be provided under the
                   respective SOW.

                d) In case of material defects: rescind the respective SOW on written notice to the Supplier, as a result
                   of which Supplier shall be obliged to promptly reimburse all remuneration already paid by Syngenta
                   relating to such SOW.


                                                                                                                  INITIALS
                                                              PAGE 6
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT              < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                                  Innovation Company Limited >
    6.5.    Supplier warrants that the Results and the Products and/or Services (rendered by the Supplier to Syngenta
            under this Agreement) are free of third party rights which might exclude or impact their use by Syngenta.

    6.6.    Supplier shall indemnify and hold harmless, including payment of all damages, costs, expenses (including
            reasonable court charges and attorney fees) and losses, howsoever arising incurred by Syngenta to the
            extent any third party alleges that any of the Products and/or Services used by Syngenta in accordance with
            this Agreement
            provided that: (i) Supplier is given written notice of the Claim by Syngenta, (ii) Supplier is given all
            reasonable information and assistance from Syngenta, which Supplier may require to defend the Claim, (iii)
            Supplier is, to the extent permissible by law, given sole control of the defence of the Claim, and all
            negotiations for its settlement or compromise thereof; and (iv) the alleged infringement does not result
            exclusively from any non-permitted uses, alterations, modifications or enhancements carried out by
            Syngenta or on its behalf by a third party. If such Claim has occurred, or in Supplier

            Syngenta the right to continue using the Services and/or Products or to replace or modify the same so that
            it becomes non-infringing without loss of functionality, or if none of the foregoing alternatives is reasonably
            available, refund to Syngenta any Charges paid by Syngenta to the Supplier in respect of the respective
            Services and/or Products. For avoidance of doubt, the Parties
            potential liability is uncapped.

    7.      Liability
    7.1.    Supplier is liable for damages based on wilful misconduct or gross negligence without limitation.

    7.2.    In case of light and medium negligence, Supplier shall be liable for any damages up to two times the
            aggregate of all Charges due under the respective SOW (or SOWs if there is a functional relation between

            regarding confidentiality and data privacy shall be unlimited.

    8.      Confidentiality
    8.1.    The Parties undertake to comply with their respective duties as set forth in Exhibit C hereto.

    9.      Data Protection
    9.1.    The Parties undertake to comply with their respective duties as set forth in Exhibit D hereto.

    10. Insurance
    10.1.   Supplier shall be obliged to conclude, procure and maintain with a duly licensed insurance company a
            professional indemnity and product liability insurance policy as well as all other insurances that may be
            relevant for providing the Products and/or Services provided under a respective SOW.

            Syngenta may demand at any time a proof of this insurance coverage, including an indication of the amount
            insured.




                                                                                                                   INITIALS
                                                               PAGE 7
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT               < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                                   Innovation Company Limited >
    11. Taxes
    11.1.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if there should be any Withholding Tax imposed by the
            applicable jurisdictions on Supplier with respect to any payments to be made by Syngenta to the Supplier
            under or in connection with this Agreement, Syngenta is allowed to deduct such Withholding Taxes from
            the payments to the Supplier and pay such Withholding Taxes to the appropriate tax authorities on behalf
            of the Supplier. Regarding the discharged Withholding Tax, Syngenta will submit to the Supplier the
            corresponding original tax certificates or original tax receipts stamped by the receiving local tax authority
            within 30 days after such withholding obligation is discharged. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon
            presentation by the Supplier to Syngenta of the relevant tax documentation indicating a reduction in or
            exemption from Withholding Tax for the Supplier in such taxing jurisdiction pursuant to the provisions of
            the relevant double taxation treaty, Syngenta shall withhold such tax at the reduced rate (or not withhold
            any tax if there is an exemption).

    12. Term & Termination
    12.1.   This Agreement shall become effective from the date stipulated on the front page of this Agreement or in
            a respective SOW (Effective Date) and shall expire [1] year after the Effective date unless extended in
            writing or unless due to the nature of the product provided (e.g. one time purchase) such term is not
            meaningful or unless it is terminated prior to such term in accordance with this section 12.

    12.2.   If either Party is in material or persistent non-material breach of its obligations under the Agreement and/or
            any SOW and shall fail to remedy the same after receiving a 30                    from the non-breaching Party
            specifying the breach and requiring its remedy, then the non-breaching Party shall be entitled to terminate
            the Agreement and/or SOW with immediate effect. This right includes but is not limited to a termination
            as per 6.4.

    12.3.   Syngenta may terminate this Agreement by giving 3 (three) months and/or any SOW by giving 1 (one)
                                   the end of any month.

    12.4.   Non-

    12.5.   The following provisions will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement: 4 (
            5                             6                               7              ,8                      9
            Protection) and 21

    13. Force Majeure
    13.1.   Neither Party to this Agreement or to an SOW shall be deemed to be in breach or otherwise liable as a
            result of any delay or failure in the performance of its obligations if and to the extent that such delay or
            failure is caused by Force Majeure (any unavoidable circumstance that is beyond the reasonable control of
            the Party) and the time for performance of the relevant obligation(s) shall be extended accordingly.

    13.2.   A Party whose performance of its obligations under this Agreement or any SOW is delayed or prevented by
            Force Majeure:

                a) shall notify in writing the other Party and keep the other Party at all times informed of the nature,
                   extent, effect and likely duration of the circumstances constituting the Force Majeure;


                                                                                                                     INITIALS
                                                               PAGE 8
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT               < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                                   Innovation Company Limited >
