                                                                                  INITIALS
                                                   PAGE 40
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT   < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                       Innovation Company Limited >
                                                                                  INITIALS
                                                   PAGE 41
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT   < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                       Innovation Company Limited >
                                                                                  INITIALS
                                                   PAGE 42
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT   < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                       Innovation Company Limited >
                                                                                  INITIALS
                                                   PAGE 43
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT   < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                       Innovation Company Limited >
                                       Exhibit B: The Charge and Payment




      Payment Terms:

      - Credit term 45 days or next period of client.

      - One-time cost - 45% upfront, 45% after UAT, 10% 2 months after go live

      - Rocket and 3rd party software subscription - 6 months billing

      - Rocket services recurring - monthly billing

      -Rewards sourcing, fulfilment and logistics - monthly billing

       Price in above table is excluded vat 7%




                                                                                                  INITIALS
                                                                   PAGE 44
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT                   < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                                       Innovation Company Limited >
                                                             Exhibit C: KPI
        1. KPI Summary




         Remark

        - Above KPI for Syngenta Crop Protection Limited. KPI for Syngenta Seeds (Thailand) Limited will be define with the same logic apply.




                                                                                                                                       INITIALS
                                                                     PAGE 45
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT                     < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                                         Innovation Company Limited >
        2. KPI Calculation




                                                                                   INITIALS
                                                    PAGE 46
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT    < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                        Innovation Company Limited >
                             Exhibit D : Project Timeline




                                                                                  INITIALS
                                                   PAGE 47
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT   < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                       Innovation Company Limited >
    Exhibit E: Syngenta Policy: Compliance A guide for third parties

    Doing the right thing - together
    Living up to our ethical standards is not only the right thing to do but it is also critical to the efficiency and reliability
    of our operations.

    Syngenta is committed to doing business with the highest possible standards of ethics and integrity. By upholding
    high standards, we can ensure we maintain our good reputation, meet legal and regulatory requirements
    worldwide and build a firm foundation for future growth. When our work involves the use of third parties, we want
    the same standards to apply.


    business together. When we work together, we would like you to follow these principles so that legally, ethically
                                  e same standards.


    replace any of your existing policies or contractual obligations. The aim of this guide is to share our standards and
    principles with you and a

    If you have any questions, please get in touch with your Syngenta contact.

    Together we can ensure that we do business in the right way.

         I.
              our behalf.

      II.

                  Any person holding an office or working for or on behalf of a government entity at any level (e.g. a
                  regulatory official or government inspector)

                  Any person working for a government-owned or controlled enterprise, or a public national or
                  international organization (e.g. a government-owned school or university)

                  Any person performing a public function or providing a public service, even if that person works for a
                  non-governmental institution

                  Any person who is considered a public official under local law.

    1.
          We are committed to conducting business properly with full transparency and without engaging in any form of
          bribery or other corrupt behavior. You must not offer or accept bribes to obtain an undue or improper
          advantage for Syngenta.

          We expect you to understand and apply the following principles:




                                                                                                                          INITIALS
                                                                 PAGE 48
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT                 < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                                     Innovation Company Limited >
        and other unofficial or improper payments.

        B: We prohibit all types of bribes

        A bribe is a bribe, regardless of whether it takes the form of cash, an excessive or lavish gift, an employment
        offer or a charitable contribution. Anything which is offered or received with the intention of improperly
        influencing a business decision for or on behalf of Syngenta is considered a bribe.




        These unofficial, nominal fees are designed to secure or speed up a routine action that the official is obliged to
        perform, such as issuing a license or allowing goods through customs.

        D: We make no distinction between public and private bribery



        E: We keep records of business dealings

        When you supply products or services to Syngenta, we ask you to keep proper written records of this work. On
        occasion, Syngenta or parties appointed by us may ask to see these records in order to check them.

    2. Gifts and entertainment must not influence business decisions
        While we recognize that gifts and entertainment are often seen as an established part of business, it is vital
        that they must never improperly influence, or seem to improperly influence, a business decision.

        Gifts and entertainment which are provided in the absence of any clear business justification or legitimate
        purpose, and are intended to improperly influence or obtain a business decision, are considered a bribe. All
        forms of bribes are prohibited by Syngenta.

        When doing business with or on behalf of Syngenta, you must not offer to a Syngenta employee, a government
        or public official or to any other party on our behalf any gift or entertainment which is inappropriate, excessive
        or could be seen as attempting to improperly influence a business decision

    3. We will not tolerate fraud
        The deliberate misuse of company resources for personal enrichment by Syngenta employees or third parties
        is fraud.

        Syngenta has zero tolerance for the act or concealment of fraud.

                                                                                              -fraud stance and help us in
        any investigation of suspected fraud that involves or impacts our business

    4. We do not condone, facilitate or support money laundering



                                                                                                                   INITIALS
                                                               PAGE 49
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT               < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                                   Innovation Company Limited >
        We only conduct business with reputable third parties who are involved in legitimate business dealings, using
        funds derived from legitimate sources.

        You must comply with all applicable laws and regulations that prohibit money laundering. Syngenta business
        shall not be misused for money laundering purposes.

    5. We avoid conflicts of interest
        All business transactions must be conducted with the best interests of Syngenta in mind.

        You must not benefit improperly through your relationships with Syngenta employees.

        Equally, no Syngenta employee may personally benefit in an improper way from a relationship with another
        individual or organization.

    6. We prohibit anti-competitive behavior
        Competition laws apply to all business arrangements, whether they are in written, oral or any other form. Price
        fixing, bid rigging and other anti-competitive behaviors are prohibited.

        You must ensure that your business on behalf of Syngenta is conducted in an open and competitive manner,
        and that all business practices fully comply with applicable competition laws wherever they are conducted.

    7. We are committed to safe working conditions
        We are committed to ensuring the safety of our employees and complying with all applicable health and safety
        laws and regulations.

        When you work with us, we ask you to comply with all applicable health and safety laws and regulations, and
        to create safe working conditions and a healthy work environment for workers at all premises under your
        control.

    8. We comply with environmental standards
        We aim to minimize the environmental impact of our operations by complying with all applicable laws,
        international guidelines and industry standards.

        You must comply with all applicable environmental laws, guidelines and standards relevant to operations,
        whether at your own premises or those of Syngenta

    9. We respect trade controls and economic sanctions
        We follow applicable international trade control laws and regulations, including those relating to economic
        sanctions, customs requirements and export controls. Such requirements also include not participating in
        boycotts or other restrictive trade practices.

        Likewise, we require you to respect all relevant trade controls and economic sanctions.

    10. We source materials responsibly

                                                                                                                INITIALS
                                                              PAGE 50
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT              < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                                  Innovation Company Limited >
        We are committed to sourcing all materials used in our business responsibly.

        We ask you to take a similarly responsible approach. This includes implementing supply chain due diligence
        policies and making sure that the money you pay to others for materials does not go to groups or people who
        violate employment laws, engage in violence or are involved in the abuse of human rights.

    11. We respect intellectual property and confidential information
        We retain the ownership of all intellectual property that we create. You must respect intellectual property
        rights and safeguard Syngenta confidential information, customer and employee information.

        You should only use Syngenta information and property (including equipment, drawings and specifications) for
        the purpose for which they were originally provided.


        information, including maintaining it in confidence and in secure work areas and not disclosing it to third parties
        (including other customers, subcontractors, etc.) without the express prior written permission of Syngenta.

    12. We respect data privacy
        We take strict measures to protect the data in our care.

        You should keep all personal and sensitive information relating to Syngenta employees and business partners
        confidential and in accordance with applicable data privacy standards and contractual requirements.

        You should not transfer, sell or trade personal information with other third parties

    13. Subcontractors must uphold the same standards
        We require subcontractors working on our behalf to ensure that they comply with our standards.

        We ask you to make sure that any subcontractors you employ to carry out business for Syngenta also comply
        with our standards. In addition, you must notify Syngenta in writing prior to using subcontractors, and the use
        of contractors must be expressly permitted by the relevant contractual agreements between us

    How to report/raise concerns
            Syngenta takes compliance with this guide seriously. If you suspect that somebody is not complying with
            the principles of this guide then please let us know immediately so that we can look into the matter.

            You can do this by sending an email to ABCDD.Compliance@syngenta.com

    Any questions?
        We hope this guide gives you a clear idea of how we would like you to do business when you work with
        Syngenta. If you have any questions please get in touch with your usual contact at Syngenta or email
                                                         best to help.




                                                                                                                   INITIALS
                                                               PAGE 51
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT               < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                                   Innovation Company Limited >
    Exhibit C Non-Disclosure Agreement

    1. Syngenta and its Affiliates have and/or will disclose to Supplier certain information that is either identified as
       confidential at the time of disclosure or should be understood by a reasonable person to be confidential in
       nature ("Confidential Information").

    2. Excepted from the above obligations shall be Confidential Information that Supplier can prove:

        a) was in the public domain at the time of disclosure by or on behalf of Syngenta or after disclosure became
           part of the public domain, other than by breach of this Agreement by Supplier, its employees, officers,
           directors, agents or subcontractors;

        b) was acquired without any confidentiality obligation from a third party who had no respective confidentiality
           obligations towards Syngenta or any of its Affiliates

        c)

        d) was developed independently by the Supplier with no reliance at all on any Confidential Information; or

        e) Supplier might be under a legal obligation to disclose to a government or other public authority, provided
           that Supplier immediately upon learning of such obligation, and prior to disclosure, if lawfully possible,
           notifies Syngenta of such disclosure obligation and reasonably cooperates with Syngenta in limiting the
           scope of disclosure, if lawfully possible.

        f)   Confidential Information shall not be deemed to be within the foregoing exceptions merely because it is (i)
             specific and merely embraced by more general information in the public domain or Supplier's possession
             or (ii) a combination which can be pieced together to re-construct the Confidential Information from
             multiple sources, none of which shows the whole combination, its principle of operation and method of
             use.

    3. Supplier undertakes to maintain strictly confidential at all times any and all Confidential Information that it
       either receives or has received from or on behalf of Syngenta and not to use any Confidential Information for
       any purpose whatsoever other than the provision of the Products and/or Services in line with this Agreement.
       Supplier shall only disclose Confidential Information to those employees, officers, authorised agents and
       subcontractors who have a need to know in order to properly provide the Products and/or Services. Supplier
       will request its authorised agents and subcontractors to sign a secrecy undertaking substantially similar to this


    4. The Supplier shall ensure that there are implemented at all times appropriate technical and organisational

        stored or processed Confidential Information. The Security Measures shall include (without limitation) the
        technical and organizational measures as agreed in a SOW; provided always that the measures implemented
        by the Supplier shall provide at least the same level of protection for the Confidential Information as is provided

        procedures in force (and as updated) from time to time.




                                                                                                                   INITIALS
                                                               PAGE 52
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT               < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                                   Innovation Company Limited >
    5. If Supplier becomes aware of any unauthorised use, disclosure, access, possession or knowledge of all or any
       of the Confidential Information, Supplier shall immediately notify Syngenta and take all reasonable steps
       requested by Syngenta to protect the confidentiality of such Confidential Information.

    6. Unless otherwise agreed, the above confidentiality obligations remain valid for a period of 5 (five) years from
       the date of termination of the SOW.

    7. Supplier acknowledges that in the event of a breach of the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement
       Syngenta may suffer irreparable harm and money damages may not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of
       this Agreement by Supplier, in addition to all other remedies, Syngenta shall be entitled to the remedy of an
       injunction for the breach or threatened breach of the terms of this Agreement.

    8. Upon termination of this Agreement or a SOW, Supplier shall destroy or if Syngenta requests in writing -
       return to Syngenta within thirty (30) days any Confidential Information. However Supplier may keep an archival
       set of its working papers together wit
       with applicable laws, regulations and professional standards.

    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Supplier may disclose Confidential Information as may
    be required by law, including any subpoena or other similar form of process. Supplier will provide Syngenta with
    prompt notice of any such request (to the extent as such notice is not prohibited by law), so that Syngenta may
    object to the request and/or seek an appropriate protective order.




                                                                                                               INITIALS
                                                              PAGE 53
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT              < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                                  Innovation Company Limited >
                            Exhibit F Non-Disclosure Agreement




                                                                                     INITIALS
                                                      PAGE 54
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT      < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                          Innovation Company Limited >
    Exhibit G Data Protection


    1.1     In this Exhibit the following definitions apply unless the context otherwise requires:

             Data Protection Legislation
            instruments applicable in the country from which data originates or, if there are no such defining laws or
            regulations in the respective country, as set forth in the EU Directive on Data Protection (95/46/EC);

             Data Subject
            where local laws and regulations treat data relating to legal entities as personal data, legal persons);

             Personal Data
            the by the Data Protection Legislation);

             Process    processing


    1.2     Syngenta and the Supplier acknowledge that for the purposes of the Data Protection Legislation, Syngenta
            (or one or more of its Affiliates) is the data controller and the Supplier is the data processor of any Personal
            Data.

    1.3     The Supplier warrants that it will process the Personal Data at all times in compliance with all applicable
            Data Protection Legislation and will not do any act or omit to do any act which would place Syngenta or any
            of its Affiliates in breach of the Data Protection Legislation.

    1.4     The Supplier shall:

            1.4.1   process the Personal Data only for to the extent, and in such a manner, as is strictly necessary for
                    the purpose of fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement, only for Syngenta or its Affiliates, and
                                                                          me to time (including instructions regarding the
                    amendment, transfer, deletion and destruction of Personal Data);

            1.4.2   give Syngenta and its Affiliates reasonable assistance as Syngenta and its Affiliate reasonably
                    require in connection with giving notice of the Supplier
                    any applicable governmental or regulatory authority and responding to requests relating to the
                    Supplier
                    shall abide by the advice of any regulatory authority with regarding to the processing of Personal
                    Data.

            1.4.3   not (where the Syngenta Affiliate from which the data originates is based in the European Economic
                    Area or Switzerland) transfer that Personal Data or allow such Personal Data to be processed from,
                    outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland without the prior written consent of Syngenta
                    unless such transfer is to or such processing is from a country which has been formally recognized
                    by the EU as affording the Personal Data an adequate level of protection or is otherwise permitted
                    to be done by the relevant Data Protection Legislation.



                                                                                                                    INITIALS
                                                               PAGE 55
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT               < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                                   Innovation Company Limited >
            1.4.4   not (where the Syngenta Affiliate from which the data originates is based in a country other than a
                    member state of the European Economic Area or Switzerland) transfer that Personal Data to any
                    other country or allow the processing of such Personal Data from another country without the prior
                    written consent of Syngenta unless such transfer or processing is permitted in such other country
                    by the relevant Data Protection Legislation.

            1.4.5   ensure that access to the Personal Data is limited to those employees who are reliable and
                    trustworthy and who need access to the Personal Data to meet the Supplier's obligations under this
                    Agreement and who are informed of the confidential nature of the Personal Data. The Supplier shall
                    ensure that all such employees have undertaken training in the relevant Data Protection Legislation
                    and their duties under this Agreement.

            1.4.6   notify Syngenta in writing within 48 hours if it receives a request from a Data Subject for access to

                    with full co-operation and assistance (including providing any relevant documents or files) in
                    relation to any such request.

            1.4.7   (on receipt of reasonable notice) give Syngenta and its representative or independent auditors
                    (bound by a duty of confidentiality) any regulatory authority access to its records and facilities so
                    as to allow Syngenta or its representatives or independent auditors, or the regulatory authority, to
                    inspect all facilities, equipment, documents and electronic data relating to the processing of
                    Personal Data by the Supplier.

            1.4.8   ensure that there are implemented at all times appropriate technical and organisational security
                    measures against the unauthorised or unlawful processing of personal data, including (without
                    limitation) against the accidental or unlawful loss or destruction of, alteration of, damage to,
                    unauthorised disclosure of or access to personal data (in particular where the processing involves
                    transmission of data over a network, to ensure Syngenta's compliance the Data Protection
                    Legislation in accordance with Best                   Security Measures
                    shall include (without limitation) back-up encryption, encryption of mobile media devices, and
                    disaster recovery, and the technical and organizational measures as agreed in a SOW provided
                    always that the measures implemented by the Supplier shall provide at least the same level of

                    information security and data protection policies, procedures and codes of practice in force (and as
                    updated) from time to time.

            1.4.9   monitor the Security Measures (and compliance with them) and shall notify Syngenta immediately
                    if it becomes aware of any unauthorised or unlawful processing, loss of, damage to, corruption or
                                                          Security Breach         Supplier shall co-operate with any
                    Syngenta investigation of such Security Breach, restore such Personal Data and mitigate, remediate
                    and otherwise respond to the Security Breach and associated risks as Syngenta requests and at the
                    expense of the Supplier.


            1.4.10 promptly upon request, the Supplier shall provide to Syngenta a summary of the Security Measures
                   which it has in place in order to satisfy its obligations of this Exhibit.




                                                                                                                  INITIALS
                                                              PAGE 56
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT              < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                                  Innovation Company Limited >
            1.4.11 If requested by Syngenta (such request to be made no more than once a year), an authorised
                   representative of the Supplier shall certify to Syngenta that it has complied (and all of its sub-
                   contractors who process the Personal Data have complied) with the terms of this Agreement,
                   including (without limitation) the obligations contained in this Exhibit.

    1.5     The Supplier shall (if permitted by law) promptly notify Syngenta if it receives any legally binding request
            for disclosure of Personal Data by a law enforcement authority.

    1.6     For the purpose of this Exhibit in the event of any disagreement between the Parties as to whether the
            relevant Data Protection Legislation permits a transfer of Personal Data to another country or processing
            of Personal Data from another country, the decision of Syngenta shall be final.

    1.7     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Supplier may not authorise any third party
            or sub-contractor to process the Personal Data without the prior written consent of Syngenta.

    1.8     The appointment of a sub-contractor in accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall not relieve the
            Supplier of liability in respect of or responsibility for the acts and omissions of such sub-contractor and the
            Supplier shall remain liable for such acts and omissions as if such acts and omissions were done by the
            Supplier.

    1.9     The Supplier agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified Syngenta, its Affiliates and their Data Subjects

                                                                   a (and its Affiliates and Data Subjects) or for which
            Syngenta (and its Affiliates and Data Subjects) may become liable due to any failure by the Supplier or its
            employees, agents or permitted sub-contractors to comply with any of its obligations under this Exhibit and
            any subsequent agreement entered into with Syngenta or any of its Affiliates relating to the processing of
            Personal Data. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no limitation of liability shall
            apply to this indemnity.

    1.10    Upon termination of this Agreement and, specifically, any data processing services, the Supplier and any
            sub-contractors shall (at the choice of Syngenta) either return all the Personal Data processed by the
            Supplier or its sub-contractors and the copies thereof to Syngenta or shall destroy all the Personal Data and
            certify to Syngenta that it has done so (unless legislation imposed on the Supplier or its sub-contractors
            prevents it or them from returning or destroying all or part of the Personal data. In that case, the Supplier
            warrants that it will guarantee the confidentiality of the Personal Data and will not actively process the
            Personal Data after the termination of this Agreement.

    1.11    The terms of this Exhibit shall survive the expiration or sooner termination of this Agreement, however
            arising.

    1.12    A breach of this Exhibit shall be deemed to be a material breach of this Agreement incapable of remedy,
            entitling (but not obligating) Syngenta to terminate this Agreement with immediate effect.




                                                                                                                   INITIALS
                                                               PAGE 57
20140822 SUPPLY AGREEMENT               < Eco grower data and engagement platform nd Rocket
                                                   Innovation Company Limited >
Purchase Order 1100488971
Issued Date Mon, 23 Dec, 2024
Ordered By Jessadang Suksakit

Contact                                                                      Supplier บริษัท ร็อคเก็ต อินโนเวชั่น จำกัด
101 อาคารโมบิคอม 3
10120 กรุงเทพมหานคร
Thailand
Name บริษัท ร็อคเก็ต อินโนเวชั่น จำกัด

Shipping Address                                                             Billing Address
Syngenta Crop Protection Ltd. - Bangkok                                      Syngenta Crop Protection Limited
25th Floor, Tower A, CW Tower, 90 Ratchadapisek Road,Huai                    25th Floor, Tower A, CW Tower, 90 Ratchadapisek Road, Huai
Khwang District                                                              Khwang District
10310 Bangkok                                                                10310 Bangkok
Thailand                                                                     Thailand

Deliver To Jessadang Suksakit                                                Payment Terms 45 days from date of invoice

ID


                                                                                                  Net Amount                 4,053,000.00 THB
                                                                                                  Gross Amount               4,053,000.00 THB
                                                                                                  Taxes
Terms and Conditions
ใบสั่งซื้อฉบับนี้อยู่ภายใต้ข้อกำหนดและเงื่อนไขมาตรฐานจากประเทศในเครือของซินเจนทา (ตามที่ได้ระบุไว้ในใบสั่งซื้อฉบับนี้) ซึ่งมีอยู่ในแบบฟอร์ม
https://www.syngenta.com/company/supplier-terms-and-conditions
หากคู่สัญญาได้ตกลงกันเกี่ยวกับสัญญาในการจัดหาเป็นลายลักษณ์อักษร เช่น
เงื่อนไขของสัญญาในการจัดหาดังกล่าวจะอยู่เหนือข้อกำหนดและเงื่อนไขมาตรฐานของใบสั่งซื้อฉบับนี้

ซินเจนทามีความมุ่งมั่นที่จะดำเนินธุรกิจด้วยมาตรฐานสูงสุดทางจริยธรรมและความซื้อสัตย์ ท่านสามารถค้นหาเวอร์ชันฉบับเต็มรูปแบบได้ทางอินเตอร์เน็ต
( https://www.syngenta.com/en/company/supplier-terms-and-conditions/supplier-code-of-conduct ) โดยการยอมรับใบสั่งซื้อฉบับนี้
ซัพพลายเออร์ยืนยันว่าได้อ่าน ""การปฏิบัติตาม: คู่มือสำหรับบุคคลที่สาม"" ฉบับเต็มรวมถึงข้อกำหนดและเงื่อนไขมาตรฐาน
(ในกรณีที่ไม่มีการลงนามในสัญญาในการจัดหา)

Syngenta Purchase Order number must appear on all packages, invoices, shipping papers and correspondence

This purchase order is subject to the standard terms and conditions from the respective country of the Syngenta affiliate (as mentioned in
this purchase order), available under form:
https://www.syngenta.com/company/supplier-terms-and-conditions.
Should the parties have agreed on a supply agreement in writing, such terms of the supply agreement shall prevail on the standard terms
and conditions of this purchase order.

Syngenta is committed to doing business with the highest possible standards of ethics and integrity. You can find the full version on the
internet
( https://www.syngenta.com/en/company/supplier-terms-and-conditions/supplier-code-of-conduct ). By accepting this purchase order,
Supplier confirms having read the full version of ""Syngenta Supplier Code of Conduct"" as well as the standard terms and conditions (in
case no supply agreement has been signed)."
Invoicing Terms And Conditions of Purchase
และนอกจากนี้แล้ว เรายังรับใบแจ้งหนี้ผ่านทางอีเมลหรือทางจดหมาย รายละเอียดเกี่ยวกับอีเมลหรือที่อยู่ทางไปรษณีย์มีอยู่ในพอร์ทัลของใบแจ้งหนี้ของเรา
https://www.syngenta.com/company/supplier-centre/invoicing

โปรดตรวจสอบเพื่อให้แน่ใจว่ามีการใช้วิธีการส่งเพียงวิธีเดียวเท่านั้น เพื่อหลีกเลี่ยงการส่งใบแจ้งหนี้ซ้ำกัน

We accept invoices via email or mail, details regarding the respective email or postal address is available in our Invoice Portal
https://www.syngenta.com/company/supplier-centre/invoicing.
Please ensure only one method of submission is used to avoid sending duplicate invoices
 Line Item Details (2 Line Items)

Supplier Part Number    Quantity Amount            Price              No. Need-by Date         Description   Discount Taxes Charges

                        1.00        465,000.00 THB 465,000.00 THB 1       Tue, 31 Dec, 2024 One Time Cost

   Unit of Measure each
   Full Description 45% upfront
   45% after UAT
   10% 2 months after go-live

   Extended Description



Supplier Part Number Quantity Amount             Price              No. Need-by Date       Description            Discount Taxes Charges

                       1.00    3,588,000.00 THB 3,588,000.00 THB 2      Tue, 31 Dec, 2024 Software subscription

   Unit of Measure each
   Full Description (Omni Channel, Loyalty,Event Registration, Friend referal,"Snowflake" Data platform)

   50% upon PO for month 1-6
   50% at Month 6 for month 7-12

   Extended Description
Purchase Order 1200302590
Issued Date Mon, 23 Dec, 2024
Ordered By Jessadang Suksakit

Contact                                                                      Supplier บริษัท ร็อคเก็ต อินโนเวชั่น จำกัด
101 อาคารโมบิคอม 3
10120 กรุงเทพมหานคร
Thailand
Name บริษัท ร็อคเก็ต อินโนเวชั่น จำกัด

Shipping Address                                                             Billing Address
Jessadang Suksakit                                                           SYNGENTA SEEDS (THAILAND) LIMITED
Syngenta Crop Protection Limited                                             25th Floor, Tower A, CW Tower, 90 Ratchadapisek Road, Huai
90 Tower A, CW Tower, Radchadapisek Rd,                                      Khwang District
Huai Khwang                                                                  10310 Bangkok
10310 Bangkok                                                                Thailand
Thailand
Phone: +66 097-195-3535

Deliver To Jessadang Suksakit                                                Payment Terms Baseline date + 45 days

ID


                                                                                                  Net Amount                 2,652,000.00 THB
                                                                                                  Gross Amount               2,652,000.00 THB
                                                                                                  Taxes
Terms and Conditions
ใบสั่งซื้อฉบับนี้อยู่ภายใต้ข้อกำหนดและเงื่อนไขมาตรฐานจากประเทศในเครือของซินเจนทา (ตามที่ได้ระบุไว้ในใบสั่งซื้อฉบับนี้) ซึ่งมีอยู่ในแบบฟอร์ม
https://www.syngenta.com/company/supplier-terms-and-conditions
หากคู่สัญญาได้ตกลงกันเกี่ยวกับสัญญาในการจัดหาเป็นลายลักษณ์อักษร เช่น
เงื่อนไขของสัญญาในการจัดหาดังกล่าวจะอยู่เหนือข้อกำหนดและเงื่อนไขมาตรฐานของใบสั่งซื้อฉบับนี้

ซินเจนทามีความมุ่งมั่นที่จะดำเนินธุรกิจด้วยมาตรฐานสูงสุดทางจริยธรรมและความซื้อสัตย์ ท่านสามารถค้นหาเวอร์ชันฉบับเต็มรูปแบบได้ทางอินเตอร์เน็ต
( https://www.syngenta.com/en/company/supplier-terms-and-conditions/supplier-code-of-conduct ) โดยการยอมรับใบสั่งซื้อฉบับนี้
ซัพพลายเออร์ยืนยันว่าได้อ่าน ""การปฏิบัติตาม: คู่มือสำหรับบุคคลที่สาม"" ฉบับเต็มรวมถึงข้อกำหนดและเงื่อนไขมาตรฐาน
(ในกรณีที่ไม่มีการลงนามในสัญญาในการจัดหา)

Syngenta Purchase Order number must appear on all packages, invoices, shipping papers and correspondence

This purchase order is subject to the standard terms and conditions from the respective country of the Syngenta affiliate (as mentioned in
this purchase order), available under form:
https://www.syngenta.com/company/supplier-terms-and-conditions.
Should the parties have agreed on a supply agreement in writing, such terms of the supply agreement shall prevail on the standard terms
and conditions of this purchase order.

Syngenta is committed to doing business with the highest possible standards of ethics and integrity. You can find the full version on the
internet
( https://www.syngenta.com/en/company/supplier-terms-and-conditions/supplier-code-of-conduct ). By accepting this purchase order,
Supplier confirms having read the full version of ""Syngenta Supplier Code of Conduct"" as well as the standard terms and conditions (in
case no supply agreement has been signed)."
Invoicing Terms And Conditions of Purchase
และนอกจากนี้แล้ว เรายังรับใบแจ้งหนี้ผ่านทางอีเมลหรือทางจดหมาย รายละเอียดเกี่ยวกับอีเมลหรือที่อยู่ทางไปรษณีย์มีอยู่ในพอร์ทัลของใบแจ้งหนี้ของเรา
https://www.syngenta.com/company/supplier-centre/invoicing

โปรดตรวจสอบเพื่อให้แน่ใจว่ามีการใช้วิธีการส่งเพียงวิธีเดียวเท่านั้น เพื่อหลีกเลี่ยงการส่งใบแจ้งหนี้ซ้ำกัน

We accept invoices via email or mail, details regarding the respective email or postal address is available in our Invoice Portal
https://www.syngenta.com/company/supplier-centre/invoicing.
Please ensure only one method of submission is used to avoid sending duplicate invoices
 Line Item Details (2 Line Items)

Supplier Part
                    Quantity Amount           Price           No. Need-by Date Description                            Discount Taxes Charges
Number

                              600,000.00      600,000.00          Wed, 1 Jan,   Campaign Management /
                    1.00                                      1
                              THB             THB                 2025          Campaign AW

   Unit of Measure each
   Full Description Campaign AW 24 EA @10,000 / EA
   Campaign Management 24 EA @ 15,000 /EA
   Monthly bill per actual
   Extended Description



Supplier Part Number Quantity Amount                  Price            No. Need-by Date      Description              Discount Taxes Charges

                       1.00      2,052,000.00 THB 2,052,000.00 THB 2       Wed, 1 Jan, 2025 Data services recurring

   Unit of Measure each
   Full Description Monthly bill - fix cost
   Extended Description
